How do you even talk about shit like this

I'm not even me
I can't find the energy to be me

We're talking about someone who used to be so addicted to video games he would play for 48 hours at a time now I can't play for an hour without being drained and wanting to crawl back to my room
That's with everything I do
I really just feel like a burden that's why I've kept this name I guess
The new me is just useless
I'm just a shadow

I just want to wake up in the past
It hurts so bad

gruesomeLast Monday at 12:13 AM
I dont know man truth is the past is never coming back but the future could be anything its a mystery that you will never know if you end it soon
you could have wife kids
a whole new life

I don't want those things
I just want to sleep
It's so fucking pitiful

I have those things it just doesn't matter because they don't relate and I can't talk to them. And the ones that do I can't really see. And the ones I can I only get to see them twice a month maybe.


gruesomeLast Monday at 12:19 AM
at the end of the day you still have those people you are not meaning less and you have value to every person you have met and some people dont care who you are they just care about you regardless

It's not about that
It's about me
I'm just not what I wanna be and I'm not doing what I want to do and the circumstances are out of my control I just have to go through it because the people who can change them shrug off my hints because they can't relate and I'm simply not the kind of person to be able to address these kinds of things to someone who I feel that detached from


burdenLast Monday at 12:26 AM
I just can't look at things that way man
Idk why
It just doesn't click
I told you
I really have something wrong in the head
The ups of life simply aren't worth the downs sometimes
And I get yelled at for simply not being able to do school or deal with things. I simply can't get things right and people don't get it. At least not the people around me most the time. They don't get that I'm already beating myself up over these things and that they only add onto the problem.

I simply don't have the energy to do the things I WANT TO DO. I can't fulfill my own wishes simply because I'm some dumbfuck who just can't see things the way they should be seen

I know it's not worth it
I just can't be bothered to care
I just cant
IDK WHY
I want to
I want to so bad
It just doesn't work it just doesn't happen
I'm good for a while and then I break back down

gruesomeLast Monday at 12:33 AM
I know why you have lost a lot in a short period of time
but people have lost more and survived you can to

burdenLast Monday at 12:34 AM
But that's the thing it's just not working
People keep moving when their hurt and get better
But I just cant
I want to so bad

burdenLast Monday at 12:35 AM
It's not like that though
I don't even think about the things I lost
It's just what I continue to lose
And that I know how to stop losing them
But I simply can't find it in me to stop it
Everything's so close And I'm just too fucking stupid to do anything with it
It's not like me losing shit  is the problem
It's me not fixing it
It's all me

gruesomeLast Monday at 12:37 AM
you are carrying too much for one person you need to try reconnecting with people if you want to move forward its not an impossible task if you want to I know it is possible
its impossible to fix everything yourself

I don't work that way though
I simply don't
I just cant
Even now I feel like a dick
Like I'll feel better eventually and it was all for attention
But I always fall back down
It's so fucking sadistic
Who made life this way
I'm so fucking fed up with it
I really just want to let the asshole win
I just want it to stop

Because I just am so done with it
I just want it to stop
I don't care what I'm left with
Even if it's nothing at least then I'm not losing
Or dissapointing
Or worrying
Or ruining
At least then I stop hurting others in my path of fucking pitiful decay
I'm literally rotting
That's what it feels like

Why can't I just go out with the few people i really love and  have an endless night full of laughter, long talks, endless sodas and other shit that just tastes good. Why does all the other shit come with it. Why do I have to get high to feel better. Why. WHY. I can't put a question mark there because there's no good answer.
It's just fucked
That's all it ks
Is
And I can't see anything but the other shit that comes with it instead of the moment itself
Sure if I was just gone it would hurt and disappoint. But at least they wouldn't have to watch it. At least that would be MY choice. It would be ME.
At least man

At least it's a fucking choice

I have so many choices in life with many different paths but only the easiest shittiest paths are the one I have the energy to chose
The fucked up thing is me
I just don't have it in me
And people don't get it. They just make their stupid opinions. They just make their stupid side comments that throw me over the edge no matter how much I say and act like I don't care. I can't rightfully blame them though. I'm just as fucking guilty.
It's just all fucked
I'm just so tired
I don't want to fight it
I just want to it to be over
I just want that
Truly


gruesomeLast Monday at 12:55 AM
Everyone is tired life is a drain on yourself
every day you become less than you were
yet the best of life

So why does it matter

gruesomeLast Monday at 12:56 AM
Because life is special and you don't know what will happen after you pull that trigger
it could make things worse than they were
or you could just be gone
nothing
either way you will never experience good
again

No bad either

Simply to live to see the highs we have to sit in the utterly depressing middle to make ends meet and get the deadly yet beautiful paper that's killing the very world that needs it to go round


gruesomeLast Monday at 1:03 AM
there is still bad
you just wont be there to witness it

So what if there's still bad. It would just be my last selfish endeavor. My last bout of not having enough energy. Nothing out of my current ordinary. And then it would all stop. All of it. Over. Serene nothing. Like when all the crickets stop chirping when you get close at night. Simply nothing

gruesomeLast Monday at 1:09 AM
at the end of the day it is your life and I have given every good piece of advice I have just don't do it is what this comes back to
and if it comes to it Im always willing to talk

I know it's not right
It's just what I see
It's the tunnels ending it really seems like
It's darkness but it's the end of it at trhe very least
It's just the final milestone till rock bottom
I bet it would be a good social media post for attention huh

That's what everyone seems to use that shit for
I don't want to focus on what's bad
It's just what happens
I don't know why I can't help it

I don't know the answers to the questions but I know where my questions lead

gruesomeLast Monday at 1:12 AM
I wish i could help

burdenLast Monday at 1:12 AM
You can't do anything
If you go through the whole chat and read just my messages the conversation makes sense
Because it's just me venting
It's the only thing you can fo
Do
Trust me I already re read the whole chat
I'm just pitiful

All I see in it is a great suicide note
But I'm not crying anymore
So who knows
Maybe it works


